docs: add `process.env.NODE_ENV` inject tip (#3744)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/guide/advanced/env-vars.mdx

- [process.env.BASE_URL](#processenvbase_url)
- [process.env.ASSET_PREFIX](#processenvasset_prefix)

> - [process.env.NODE_ENV](#processenvnode_env) (This capability is supported by Rspack. For details, please refer to [Rspack - optimization.nodeEnv](https://rspack.dev/config/optimization#optimizationnodeenv))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [process.env.NODE_ENV](#processenvnode_env): This variable is injected by Rspack. For details, please refer to [Rspack - optimization.nodeEnv](https://rspack.dev/config/optimization#optimizationnodeenv))
```
